So for this next module we're going to talk about 6 which is a pretty interesting topic.
I'm going to have a whole separate video explaining it but what you'll need to do is go ahead and go
to your course folder.
Open up javascript and then make a new folder inside they're called iOS 6.
Do a right hand click and open it as a bracket's project.
Once you have that set up we'll get our basic skeleton so we can kind of test drive a couple of these
features or do index each TMLC Once you have the folder open up get my skeleton going like so Year 6
and then after that all we get to do is create our first javascript file.
So what we'll do is hit new file and then we'll call it block underscore scope.
Dodgiest like so.
And after that we can hop back over to our HMO login script tag throw on a source attribute with the
block scope on it and we're good to go.